README.md, before:

# Bookmarks App
Live app: [DEMO HERE!](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app/)

Links to wireframes:
- [Default View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app/wireframes/default.html)
- [Expanded View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/expanded.html)
- [Adding View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/adding.html)
- [Empty State View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/empty-state.html) _(this shows when there is no data in the store)_

## TO-DO:
- [x] Design the app
- [x] Create HTML wireframes
- [x] Style the wireframes using CSS
- [x] Code the STORE module
- [x] Code the API module
- [x] Code all the listener functions as well as render functions (app)
- [x] Test the app & get feedback
- [x] Apply any changes to app
- [x] Test again
- [x] Enable bookmark editing
- [x] Add background color animation
- [ ] TEST TEST TEST
- [ ] SHIP!

Commit message:

Added error view in separate wireframes

README.md, after:

# Bookmarks App
Live app: [DEMO HERE!](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app/)

Links to wireframes:
- [Default View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app/wireframes/default.html)
- [Expanded View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/expanded.html)
- [Expanded View (with error)](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/expanded-error.html)
- [Adding View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/adding.html)
- [Adding View (with error)](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/adding-error.html)
- [Empty State View](https://thinkful-ei-macaw.github.io/malcolmkiano-bookmarks-app//wireframes/empty-state.html) _(this shows when there is no data in the store)_

## TO-DO:
- [x] Design the app
- [x] Create HTML wireframes
- [x] Style the wireframes using CSS
- [x] Code the STORE module
- [x] Code the API module
- [x] Code all the listener functions as well as render functions (app)
- [x] Test the app & get feedback
- [x] Apply any changes to app
- [x] Test again
- [x] Enable bookmark editing
- [x] Add background color animation
- [ ] TEST TEST TEST
- [ ] SHIP!
